listnwnshtml.cpp README
=======================

CGI program to generate an HTML table of NWN 1 or NWN 2 servers using the SOAP
web service developed by Skywing as a substitue for legacy NWN master server
and gamespy support. This program calls the GetOnlineServerList service method,
and constructs the list as a valid HTML page.

Requirements:
-------------

* gSOAP
    The gSOAP toolkit is required to build this tool. The latest version
    used to build and test is gSOAP-2.8.16. The packages may be obtained
    through the OS package tool or built from source. The gSOAP website
    is: http://www.cs.fsu.edu/~engelen/soap.html for source code.


Building:
---------

A basic Makefile is provided. Check the variables set at the top of the file,
especially SOAP_INCS and SOAP_LIBS so the gSOAP installation can be located.
Also make sure the gSOAP bin directory is in your system path before building.

    make listnwnshtml


Installation:
-------------

The build should have produce two CGI programs: "listnwns1html.cgi" and
"listnwns2html.cgi". These CGI programs need to be placed in the web server's
cgi-bin directory or otherwise configured to run as CGI programs. The HTML
generated by the CGI scripts looks for the CSS file "/css/listnwnshtml.css"
installed relative to the website root path. Some paths may need adjustment
depending on the web server configuration.

	cp listnwns1html.cgi listnwns2html.cgi $WEB_HOME/cgi-bin
	cp listnwnshtml.css $WEB_HOME/css

Note that the two CGI programs are actually identical and use their names
to distiguish NWN 1 vs 2 for listing purposes. You can also simply copy one
program and hard or symbolically link the other's name to it.


Usage:
------

The CGI programs are invoked through a web browser with no arguments required.
The version of NWN listed is determined by the name of the CGI script. A formated
list of NWN servers is constructed as an HTML web page.

	http://some.example.net/cgi-bin/listnwns1html.cgi
	http://some.example.net/cgi-bin/listnwns2html.cgi


License:
--------

Copyright 2012-2013 eeriegeek - License: http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

